
			How to install trafshow.


1.  First, make sure the libpcap already installed into your system.
    See the README file in this directory for the minimum required version
    of libpcap and it distribution. Follow the INSTALL file of pcap library
    to build and install it.

2.  Next, make sure you have already installed the curses library.
    The most systems has the ncurses as default curses library. Currently
    trafshow may be compiled with any curses library, configure script will
    detect the prefered curses that supports colors.

3.  Now, decide whether you want to place trafshow and man page.
    The configure script option `--prefix' changes the root directory for
    installing trafshow (/usr/local by default). Use `--prefix=/usr' to
    replace your default trafshow distribution or just edit the BINDEST
    and MANDEST paths in Makefile.in.

4.  Type `./configure' to determine your system attributes and libraries
    to generate an appropriate Makefile from Makefile.in and config.h from
    config.h.in.
    Some systems require unusual options for compilation of linking that
    the configure script does not know about. You can give `configure'
    initial values for variables by setting them in the environment. Using
    a Bourne-compatible shell, you can do that on the command line like
    this:
         CC=c89 CFLAGS=-O2 LIBS=-lposix ./configure

5.  Type `make' to build the trafshow program.
    Ignore any warnings, no error messages should be produced.
    If you system is not listed in the README as one which we have tested,
    you may have to modify the configure script, Makefile.in and probably
    config.h.in. Please send us patches for any modifications you need to
    make.

6.  Login as root and type `make install'.
    This should install trafshow and man page into your system.
    It also copy example file of color configuration in /etc/trafshow, it
    not replaced if already there.
    By default, trafshow is installed with no any set-uid permission. So
    you would decide who must have access to the packet capture devices.

